doc(exercise 4): transfer UST from Terra to EVM (#231)
axelarnetwork/axelarate-community: documentation/docs/Exercises/Exercise 4.md

[moniker] can be any name you like
```bash
terrad init [moniker]
```
5. Use any text editor to open `$HOME/.terra/config/client.toml`, edit `chain-id` and `node` fields
```bash
chain-id = "bombay-12"
node = "tcp://adc1043f1d76249009c417dcad0bc807-1055950820.us-east-2.elb.amazonaws.com:26657"
```
Verify you have access to the testnet, you will see the latest block info
```bash
terrad status
```
6. Create a key pair

[terra-key-name] can be any name you like
```bash
terrad keys add [terra-key-name]
```
7. Request tokens from the faucet
Go to terra testnet faucet and get some UST for your newly creaated address https://faucet.terra.money/

Verify that tokens have arrived

[address] is the address you created in step 6, associated with the [terra-key-name]
```bash
terrad q bank balances [address]
```

## Instructions to send UST from Terra testnet to EVM compatible chains
The flow works for any EVM compatible chains that Axelar supports. We use Ethereum Ropsten as example.

1. On a new terminal window, enter Axelar node:
```bash
docker exec -it axelar-core sh
```

2. Create a deposit address on Axelar Network (to which you'll deposit coins later)

> [receipent addres] is the address you want to receive the tokens to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[receipent addres] is an address you control on the recipient EVM chain.  This is where your UST will ultimately be sent.
```
minor clarification

Reviewer 2: Also a typo, "recipient address"

```bash
axelard tx axelarnet link [evm chain] [receipent address] uusd --from [axelar-key-name]
```
e.g.,
```bash
axelard tx axelarnet link ethereum 0x4c14944e080FbE711D29D5B261F14fE4E754f939 uusd --from validator
```
Look for `successfully linked [Axelar Network deposit address] and [receipent address]`

3. Send an IBC transfer from Terra testnet to Axelar Network
Switch back to terminal with terrad installed

```bash

> terrad tx ibc-transfer transfer transfer [Terra channel id] [Axelar Network deposit address] --packet-timeout-timestamp 0 [amount]uusd --gas-prices 0.15uusd --from [terra-key-name] -y -b block

Reviewer: duplicate `transfer`??

Author: na, the first transfer is command name, the second transfer is port id
